Oh.
What is that I see the up the land?
Get on boat, get on boat,
Till the old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and old and
Here I go.
Stay away, stay away.
Mother and father, father and father.
Get on board, get on board.
There's no danger, danger, danger in the water, water, water.
Yeah, oh